App details:
Requirements: car reservation, vehicle management, payment methods. 
First of all, we will create the app with the logo I have attached in the previous file. 
Our app will include all types of cars which can be rented by clients. 
Cars will be categorized by their model number and the kind of fuel they use also how fast they can drive, and the year of production. 
Everything will be set by filters so the client can simply access the app and find in the search box the product he is looking for.
After that client,can check the availability of colors we have for a specific car. He can choose his favorite anytime, anywhere. 
There will be a place for booking which we will make sure it would be highly secured.
After booking it you cannot go behind anymore as we will let the other clients know about the car which can not be rented the same day as it is already taken, 
no cancel reservation.
We will guarantee that all the services in our cars are made before driving. 
Also, we offer an email box. What is it? The client will contact us by email which will be provided on the website. There you can send any type of concerns. 
We are a 24/7 customer service as we are trying to stay fair with prices and make great work with our favorite clients.
Stakeholders: The app will be used by clients who can afford to rent a car, the ones who are looking to have a car for 1 or more days. 
Also, the car rental companies can have our car rented but only for 5+ days as we can not customize our clients for that type of car. 
About us, the admin staff will take care of all clients by providing and guiding them with any help they are searching for. 
The client will make deposits by the option we will create on the website as credit card or PayPal.
The same method of payment goes with the other companies which want to purchase our vehicles.
Feasibility study: This app is technically easy to use and economically as the purposed solution we have is viable and will work successfully without any fear.
Differently from other companies, we offer an amazing staff that will stay with the clients anytime and we will make the effort to make their day move fast 
but unforgettable. 
The architecture of this app will include high hardware and software components. 
After every setup of the app that we will create using the logo, search box, the option for the color, model number, number of cars available, 
days for use, and payment methods we will test the app. 
We will identify any bugs or issues that need to be fixed. 
After that, I will deploy the app and make it available for use. 
I will provide ongoing maintenance and support to ensure the app remains functional and meets the needs of users.
